Fix issues #15, #16 (better README) (#19)
cloudstateio/samples-js-chat: friends/README.adoc

=== Starting the service

We cannot test the `Friends` service by querying it directly. Why is that? In the <<javascript-implementation>> section, the JavaScript code we wrote barely defines the data schema and the behavior of the service. And yet we have a full blown stateful service, ie. the service is able to store/retrieve the `FriendList` of an user entity. And this, with the benefits of scalability and high availability, without writing any code for the state storage & retrieval.

> Our `Friends` service gains the state management ability thanks to Cloudstate. In Cloudstate terminology, the service we developped, here the Friends JavaScript code, is called a `user-function`. As shown in https://cloudstate.io/docs/core/current/user/features/index.html[Using Cloudstate, Overview], the `user-function` communicates with the outside world via the intermediary of a Cloudstate proxy. This proxy "undertands" the data schema and behavior of our service (the `user-function`) thanks to the https://github.com/cloudstateio/samples-js-chat/blob/master/friends/friends.proto[Service descriptor]. So that the proxy is able to enrich the communication to our service with state management.

Reviewer: `developped` -> `developed`
`undertands` -> `understands`

```suggestion
Our `Friends` service gains the state management ability thanks to Cloudstate. In Cloudstate terminology, the service we developed, here the Friends JavaScript code, is called a `user-function`. As shown in https://cloudstate.io/docs/core/current/user/features/index.html[Using Cloudstate, Overview], the `user-function` communicates with the outside world via the intermediary of a Cloudstate proxy. This proxy "understands" the data schema and behavior of our service (the `user-function`) thanks to the https://github.com/cloudstateio/samples-js-chat/blob/master/friends/friends.proto[Service descriptor]. So that the proxy is able to enrich the communication to our service with state management.
```
